---
layout: post
title: Week 4 - Pomodoro Timer Entension 
---
<!--
Make your blog post for the week
- comment about your group work on the browser extension, did you learn anything about yourself and how you are able to work with others?
- describe your own contributions to your team's efforts of building your browser extension
- comment on new things you learned (tools, features of tools that you were not familiar with, etc) or learned about yourself (skills you realized you have, team work preferences and style, etc.)
- comment on other teams presentations and their projects, did you have any favorites?
-->

This week we've received some suggestoion to our project. I think they were useful suggestions overall and some people even made new pull requests based on these suggestions. We've merged their pr's recently and updated the [extension page on firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tiktock/) to include their contributions.

What I've really liked about this is that with almost no effort from our part, we've got two issues fixed. The popup size was changing when switching between focus and break modes, and now it's fixed. Also, we've renamed the switch button to change between 'break' and 'focus' based on the mode, this way it's easier to understand what the button does. 

<!-- more -->

The best thing about the extension we've made is that I actually use it myself. I've been using the pomodoro technique on and off for the last couple years and I think it's super effective. I used to either start a timer from my phone or literally type timer to google. Now I can set up a timer without opening a new tab, or taking out my phone. I also don't like opening up a whole new program just for a timer, so now it's great that it can just run in the Firefox background. 

I want my friends to use this as well, I have some friends who loves the pomodoro technique. I know my mom and my sister uses pomodoro technique from time to time as well. But, unfortunately, none of them uses Firefox. That's why I'd like to release the extension on Chrome as well. I've opened an issue to see if anyone would like to help on this front, but I'll continue working on this on my spare time anyways.  

We've also had other students present their extensions in class this week. I really liked 'study tool', it's funny. Also the one wehre we could take notes while browsing a webpage was useful as well.
